Admin/update documentation (#62)
allen-cell-animated/simulariumio: README.md

<br/>

# 1. Convert your data
Save your data as a .simularium file (see Jupyter notebook [examples](examples/)):

```python
import numpy as np
from simulariumio import TrajectoryConverter, TrajectoryData, MetaData, AgentData, ScatterPlotData

converter = TrajectoryConverter(
    TrajectoryData(
        meta_data=MetaData(
            box_size=BOX_SIZE_NUMPY_ARRAY,
            trajectory_title="Model A with parameter set 1",
        ),
        agent_data=AgentData(
            DATA_FOR_OBJECTS_MOVING_OVER_TIME
        ),
    )
)
converter.add_plot(
    ScatterPlotData(
        title="Something measured",
        xaxis_title="Time (s) or something else",
        yaxis_title="Some measurement (units)",
        xtrace=X_VALUES_NUMPY_ARRAY,
        ytraces={
            "Agent 1" : Y_VALUES_NUMPY_ARRAY,
        },
    )
)
converter.write_JSON("output_file_name")
```

<br/>

# 2. Load in the [Simularium Viewer](https://simularium.allencell.org/viewer)
Load your file in the Simularium Viewer at https://simularium.allencell.org/viewer to interactively rotate and play back your data:

![Loading a file in the Simularium Viewer](/examples/img/drag_drop.gif)

<br/>

# 3. Share by URL 

> Upload your file to a public Dropbox or Google Drive folder or an AWS S3 bucket, and use the URL https://simularium.allencell.org/viewer?trajUrl= [link to your file]

Reviewer: for clarity, 
```suggestion
Upload your file to a public Dropbox or Google Drive folder or an AWS S3 bucket, and use the URL https://simularium.allencell.org/viewer?trajUrl=[LINK_TO_YOUR_FILE]
```
And maybe have an example that works (a link to one of our trajectories)

Author: when I don't leave a space between `=[` the opening bracket gets highlighted as part of the URL, do you know how to escape it? I tried prepending `\` but that didn't work. maybe it doesn't matter

Reviewer: I think that's fine, I would probably even remove the brackets so people don't think you need them. I know that's common in code, bu in this case it's just a string

* Conversions for data from custom engines can be implemented using the TrajectoryConverter class
* Also accepts metrics data for plots to display alongside spatial data

We're discussing the possibility of adding the ability to export Simularium files directly with the authors of some packages.

Current rendering capabilities of the viewer include:
* Surface topologies: users can provide mesh files or use default spheres
* Protein Databank files: users can provide PDB files to render atoms in a molecule
* Line rendering for fibers, filaments, or bonds

Rendering capabilities planned for future:
* Volume rendering for RDME or PDE-based simulation results

<br/>

---

<br/>

## Installation
**Install Requires:** 

* Requires Python 3.7 or 3.8

* If ReaDDy trajectories will be converted, the ReaDDy python package must be installed:
(add conda forge channel if it's not already: `conda config --add channels conda-forge`)
`conda install -c readdy readdy`

**Stable Release:** `pip install simulariumio`

**Development Head:** `pip install git+ssh://git@github.com/allen-cell-animated/simulariumio.git`

> **Please note** that to run the Jupyter notebook examples you should also install Jupyter, either with `pip install jupyter`, or by installing SimulariumIO with the tutorial requirements: `pip install simulariumio[tutorial]`

Reviewer: Nice 👍🏻

* Conversions for data from custom engines can be implemented using the TrajectoryConverter class
* Also accepts metrics data for plots to display alongside spatial data

We're discussing the possibility of adding the ability to export Simularium files directly with the authors of some packages.

Current rendering capabilities of the viewer:
* Spheres: by default, each agent in a scene is represented as a single sphere

> * Mesh surfaces: represent each agent as a mesh files, e.g. coarse molecular surfaces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Mesh surfaces: represent each agent as a mesh (loaded from an .obj file), e.g. coarse molecular surfaces
```

* Multi-sphere: provide Protein Databank .pdb files or PDB IDs
* Line representations for fibers, filaments, or bonds

Rendering capabilities planned for future:
* Volume rendering for RDME or PDE-based simulation results
* Support for .cif files and coarse-grain sphereTree files for multi-sphere rendering

<br/>

---

<br/>

## Installation
**Install Requires:** 

> * Requires Python 3.7 or 3.8

Reviewer 2: just curious, is 3.9 supported?

Author: I think it would work but I need to test, there's an issue for it #55

### Add metrics data to plot
See the [Plots Tutorial](examples/Tutorial_plots.ipynb) for details. An overview:
```python
import numpy as np
from simulariumio import ScatterPlotData

converter = TrajectoryConverter(input_data) # see above to create 
# see Plots Tutorial for parameter details
converter.add_plot(
    ScatterPlotData(
        title="Something measured",
        xaxis_title="Time (s) or something else",
        yaxis_title="Some measurement (units)",
        xtrace=X_VALUES,
        ytraces={
            "Agent 1" : Y_VALUES,
        },
    )
)
converter.write_JSON("output_file_name")
```

### Render with meshes or PDB files

> If you'd like to render agents with arbitrary meshes instead of spheres, add a `DisplayData` for each agent type you'd like to be rendered with the mesh, and specify an OBJ mesh file. Alternately, you can provide a Protein Databank (PDB) file or PDB code to render atoms for a molecule. 

Reviewer: 1. "arbitrary meshes" seems like strange wording to me. Maybe "render agents as meshes"? They aren't arbitrary from the users point of view. 
2. I don't think we support just a PDB code? I could be wrong (@toloudis) but I think we still need a link or path to where that pdb file is. Or at least that's the only code I've looked at, maybe there is something that looks at the PDB first.

Author: 1. yeah the reviewer used that term and I got stuck on it, will update
2. would be great if @toloudis can confirm one way or another and I can update

Reviewer 2: Currently it has to be a full URL to a single .pdb file.

Reviewer 2: in this case "arbitrary" means "any mesh of your choice" and not "a random mesh that is unrelated to anything".  It's arbitrary from the point of view of the software. :)

Reviewer: yeah, I understand that, but it seems weird here since this is a doc that is supposed to be more user facing (I'm assuming).

Reviewer 2: I agree with you.  I can see how users might interpret it that way.

See the example notebook for the converter you are using to see how to add display data for that converter.
```python
display_data={
    "A" : DisplayData(
        name="Molecule A",
        display_type=DISPLAY_TYPE.PDB,
        url="https://files.rcsb.org/download/3KIN.pdb",
        color="#0080ff",
    ),
    "B" : DisplayData(
        name="Molecule B",
        display_type=DISPLAY_TYPE.OBJ,
        url="molecule_b.obj",
        color="#333333",
    ),
}
```

<br/>

---

<br/>

## Visualize results
1. In a supported browser (Firefox, Chrome, or Edge), navigate to https://simularium.allencell.org/viewer.
2. Drag the file output from SimulariumIO from your file browser onto the window or choose Load model > From your device, and select your file from the file upload dialogue.

> 

Reviewer: lines 235 - 249 seem redundant with what starts on line 25. ## Convert simulation outputs so they can be visualized in the [Simularium Viewer](https://simularium.allencell.org/).

Or am I missing something?

Author: That first section is meant to be a quick overview and this is more detail. But lmk if you have ideas to make that more clear

Reviewer: is it possible to link down here from up there? Like have a "details" link for each of those overviews? Not a big deal either way.

Author: yeah I'll add some anchors https://gist.github.com/asabaylus/3071099
